Workflows docs: em-dash capitalization sweep and cumulative-docs version-prose cleanup (#6508)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/troubleshooting.md

**Cause.** Your user role is missing one of the Workflows feature privileges.

> **Resolution.** Ensure your role has at least `All` on the **Analytics > Workflows** feature. For finer-grained access, seven granular sub-feature privileges are available: `create`, `read`, `update`, `delete`, `execute`, `readExecution`, and `cancelExecution`. Refer to [Setup](/explore-analyze/workflows/get-started/setup.md).

Author: ```suggestion
**Resolution.** Ensure your role has at least `All` on the **Analytics > Workflows** feature. For finer-grained access, use the sub-feature privileges: `create`, `read`, `update`, `delete`, `execute`, `readExecution`, and `cancelExecution`. Refer to [Setup](/explore-analyze/workflows/get-started/setup.md).
```
